README.md, before:

# BalkanID Engineering Task
I will be solving the following problem statement  
`Build a robust online book store to handle user authentication, authorization and access management.`

## Key Features
- [ ] Secure user registration and authentication
- [ ] Account Deactivation and Deletion: Allow users to deactivate or delete their accounts, if applicable. Implement a mechanism to handle account deletion securely while considering data retention policies.
- [ ] Protection against vulnerabilities like SQL injection attacks
- [ ] Have Proper system logging with retention policies upon system failure
- [ ] Users can easily search and filter books and add them to shopping cart
- [ ] Users can easily download their bought books and leave a review on the books they bought
- [ ] Admins have the ability to manage inventory and others 

## Requirements
- [ ] Make the necessary APIs to expose (go micro-service)
- [ ] SQL based database (PostgreSQL)
- [ ] Use a reverse proxy of your choice (nginx)

## Bonus Points
- [ ] You can use Docker and containerize your application code to run, including the database
- [ ] You can test your code by adding unit test cases and workflow test cases
- [ ] You can add recommendation system to recommend books to user

# Detailed Solution
- ports and adapter/ hex/ onion you can call it what you want. I just made the code maintainable
- why paesto instead of jwt. more secure and shit
- Dont need for uneccessary folders. In my opinion increases complexity, I like to keep it simple

- <iframe width="560" height="315" src='https://dbdiagram.io/embed/64e4cc4c02bd1c4a5e353140'> </iframe>

- why migrate tool is needed 
- sqlc vs gorm vs other 

- database indexes filtering searching
- 

## Resources
- To learn about [sql-injection](https://go.dev/doc/database/sql-injection)
  
- For [database schema](https://dbdiagram.io/home)
  
- golang-migrate tool
```
$ curl -L https://packagecloud.io/golang-migrate/migrate/gpgkey | apt-key add -
$ echo "deb https://packagecloud.io/golang-migrate/migrate/ubuntu/ $(lsb_release -sc) main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/migrate.list
$ apt-get update
$ apt-get install -y migrate
```  

- install sqlc
```
sudo snap install sql
```


BHAIIIIIIII FOCUS ON THE BIGGER PICTURE FIRST
THEN I WILL MAKE IT BETTER

Commit message:

feat: json api connected with postgres

README.md, after:

# BalkanID Engineering Task
I will be solving the following problem statement  
`Build a robust online book store to handle user authentication, authorization and access management.`

## Key Features
- [ ] Secure user registration and authentication
- [ ] Account Deactivation and Deletion: Allow users to deactivate or delete their accounts, if applicable. Implement a mechanism to handle account deletion securely while considering data retention policies.
- [ ] Protection against vulnerabilities like SQL injection attacks
- [ ] Have Proper system logging with retention policies upon system failure
- [ ] Users can easily search and filter books and add them to shopping cart
- [ ] Users can easily download their bought books and leave a review on the books they bought
- [ ] Admins have the ability to manage inventory and others 

## Requirements
- [ ] Make the necessary APIs to expose (go micro-service)
- [ ] SQL based database (PostgreSQL)
- [ ] Use a reverse proxy of your choice (nginx)

## Bonus Points
- [ ] You can use Docker and containerize your application code to run, including the database
- [ ] You can test your code by adding unit test cases and workflow test cases
- [ ] You can add recommendation system to recommend books to user

# Detailed Solution
- ports and adapter/ hex/ onion you can call it what you want. I just made the code maintainable
- why paesto instead of jwt. more secure and shit
- Dont need for uneccessary folders. In my opinion increases complexity, I like to keep it simple

- <iframe width="560" height="315" src='https://dbdiagram.io/embed/64e4cc4c02bd1c4a5e353140'> </iframe>

- why migrate tool is needed 
- sqlc vs gorm vs other 

- database indexes filtering searching
- sqlc ke models use honge saari jagah
- change name of sqlc to postgres

## Resources
- To learn about [sql-injection](https://go.dev/doc/database/sql-injection)
  
- For [database schema](https://dbdiagram.io/home)
  
- golang-migrate tool
```
$ curl -L https://packagecloud.io/golang-migrate/migrate/gpgkey | apt-key add -
$ echo "deb https://packagecloud.io/golang-migrate/migrate/ubuntu/ $(lsb_release -sc) main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/migrate.list
$ apt-get update
$ apt-get install -y migrate
```  

- install sqlc
```
sudo snap install sql
```


BHAIIIIIIII FOCUS ON THE BIGGER PICTURE FIRST
THEN I WILL MAKE IT BETTER
